README.md, before:

## buffer-dispose

If this is so dangerous why should you use it? Because it can drastically
increase throughput by relieving pressure from the garbage collector.

This is what's left of an attempt to allow users to manually free memory
attached to a Buffer instance. It was too precarious to do in core, so now
I'm making my efforts available here.

### Usage

```javascript
var dispose = require('buffer-dispose');

var SlowBuffer = require('buffer').SlowBuffer;
var buf = new SlowBuffer(5);
console.log(buf);
dispose(buf);
console.log(buf);

// output:
// <Buffer 00 00 00 00 00>
// <Buffer >
```

It's mainly meant to be used for incoming data. Now that the
`SlabAllocator` has been removed no incoming I/O is directly part of a
slice. Though this is **only** the case when the stream is in **flowing
mode**.

Take the following example:

```javascript
var dispose = require('buffer-dispose');

function onData(chunk) {
  // do some quick operations on the chunk
  dispose(chunk);
}

function onConnection(socket) {
  socket.on('data', onData);
}

require('net').createServer(onConnection).listen(8000);
```

Each incoming chunk in the above case is uniquely allocated and can be
disposed when the operation is complete. Though you **must** make sure all
requests against the data are complete. This means you must be aware of any
asynchronous events. In the following example a buffer is queued to be
written to disk, but then memory is released before the asynchronous event
is able to complete.

```javascript
var dispose = require('buffer-dispose');
var fs = require('fs');
var buf = require('buffer').SlowBuffer(10);
buf.fill('a');

fs.writeFile('test.txt', buf, function() { });

// disposing here means nothing will be written to disk
dispose(buf);
```

### Building

To install this from a non-globally installed build of master, use the
following:

```
/path/to/build/node `which npm` --nodedir=/path/to/build install buffer-dispose
```

To build the library I do the following:

```
/path/to/build/node `which npm` --nodedir=/path/to/build install njsutil bindings
/path/to/build/node `which node-gyp` rebuild --nodedir=/path/to/build
```

Probably a better way to do this, but eh. It works for now. Submit a ticket
if you have something better.

### Performance Tests

To see how using this module can help your I/O I've included a performance
test! It's easy to run (once you have the module built and all). Just run
this:

```
/path/to/build/node ./speed/tcp.js <add "true" here to dispose buffers>
```

Disposing buffers: 20.5 Gb/s

Not disposing: 17.7 Gb/s

Commit message:

Fix unslice, update docs, etc.
Changes include:
* Remove need for njsutil.
* Fix BufferUnslice (wasn't actually added to "target").
* Speed test, write until returns false.
* Update docs with additional performance data.

README.md, after:

## buffer-dispose

If this is so dangerous why should you use it? Because it can drastically
increase throughput by relieving pressure from the garbage collector.

This is what's left of an attempt to allow users to manually free memory
attached to a Buffer instance. It was too precarious to do in core, so now
I'm making my efforts available here.

### Usage

```javascript
var dispose = require('buffer-dispose');

var SlowBuffer = require('buffer').SlowBuffer;
var buf = new SlowBuffer(5);
console.log(buf);
dispose(buf);
console.log(buf);

// output:
// <Buffer 00 00 00 00 00>
// <Buffer >
```

It's mainly meant to be used for incoming data. Now that the
`SlabAllocator` has been removed no incoming I/O is directly part of a
slice. Though this is mostly likely only the case when the stream is in
**flowing mode**.

Take the following example:

```javascript
var dispose = require('buffer-dispose');

function onData(chunk) {
  // do some quick operations on the chunk
  dispose(chunk);
}

function onConnection(socket) {
  socket.on('data', onData);
}

require('net').createServer(onConnection).listen(8000);
```

Each incoming chunk in the above case is uniquely allocated and can be
disposed when the operation is complete. Though you **must** make sure all
requests against the data are complete. This means you must be aware of any
asynchronous events. In the following example a buffer is queued to be
written to disk, but then memory is released before the asynchronous event
is able to finish.

```javascript
var dispose = require('buffer-dispose');
var fs = require('fs');
var buf = require('buffer').SlowBuffer(10);
buf.fill('a');

fs.writeFile('test.txt', buf, function() { });

// disposing here means nothing will be written to disk
dispose(buf);
```

### Building

To install this from a non-globally installed build of master, use the
following:

```
/path/to/build/node `which npm` --nodedir=/path/to/build install buffer-dispose
```

To build the library I do the following:

```
/path/to/build/node `which npm` --nodedir=/path/to/build install njsutil bindings
/path/to/build/node `which node-gyp` rebuild --nodedir=/path/to/build
```

Probably a better way to do this, but eh. It works for now. Submit a ticket
if you have something better.

### Performance Tests

To see how using this module can help your I/O I've included a performance
test! It's easy to run (once you have the module built and all). Just run
this:

```
/path/to/build/node ./speed/tcp.js <add "true" here to dispose buffers>
```

The below table shows performance differences cleaning up incoming Buffers
at specific sizes. As we can see, the act of disposing has a performance
cost. While in every case we save on memory usage, if performance is more
imperative then tune your application accordingly.

```
64KB Writes     Throughput   Memory Usage
-----------------------------------------
Sad Ponies       17.3 Gb/s       207.3 MB
Magic Unicorns   29.0 Gb/s        44.6 MB

32KB Writes     Throughput   Memory Usage
-----------------------------------------
Sad Ponies       17.2 Gb/s       201.7 MB
Magic Unicorns   20.5 Gb/s        44.3 MB

16KB Writes     Throughput   Memory Usage
-----------------------------------------
Sad Ponies       12.3 Gb/s      206.4 MB
Magic Unicorns   11.4 Gb/s       44.2 MB
```
